Ensure all noise functions are verbs (#237)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/noise/index.rst

    -
  * - SSN
    - W-2 and 1099, SSA
    - Borrow a social security number, leave a field blank, write the wrong digits, make typos, make OCR errors

>     - Note that 'borrow a social security number'only applies to the W-2 and 1099 dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Note that 'borrow a social security number' only applies to the W-2 and 1099 dataset
```

>     - Note that 'borrow a social security number' only applies to the W-2 and 1099 dataset

Reviewer 2: I think you'll have a merge conflict here with https://github.com/ihmeuw/pseudopeople/pull/235 because in that PR you added a period to this line, but hopefully that won't be hard to resolve.
